-Got a question for you, and I
want your honest response.
-Sure, shoot.
-Do you think when Nomar first
hooked up with Mia Hamm, he
told his buddies he
pulled a Hammy?
-He should've.
That's a missed opportunity
if he didn't.
-Excuse me!
Is this the way to Topps?
-Yeah, that's Topps,
right there.
What are you doing at Topps?
-Uh, I'm giving the old copier
a tune up after the meeting.
Sorry, I'm frazzled.
It took me forever to
find a parking spot.
-OK, this is not our
regular spot.
-Galen made him take
this spot.
-He made me take it!
And I want two parking
spaces, one handicap.
-Why?
-You don't need to know.
-Guys, no worries.
I-I got most of the stuff
on the first trip.
I'll get the 20 gallon toner
tank when I feed
the meter in 30.
-Oh.
-Oh, hey do you want
some help there?
-No, no, no, guys, I'm good.
-Wait, was he being sarcastic?
-I feel like maybe he was being
a little sarcastic, but
we should probably go
to this meeting.
-What meeting?
-Come on, let's go.
-You sure you're good?
-I'm good.
Hey, see you at the meeting.
-That was sarcastic.
-Dripping with sarcasm.
-Unbelievable.
-People, I don't have to tell
you how bad the economic
situation is right now.
-I know.
Drew Rosenhouse just had to
sell three of his boats.
-OK, A, I don't know who that
is, and B, shut up and get
here on time.
-OK, he should have divided
that last one into two.
Right?
And then made get here
on time number three.
-No, because he was doing
an A, B, C, D thing.
You don't want to mix the
letters with the numbers.
-You know what I
meant, though.
-OK, A, I don't know
what you meant--
-OK, dummies.
Dummies!
The point is, to offset costs,
we've had to let some folks
go, and we're replacing the
Oreos in the staff kitchen
with Hydrox.
[MASS OUTRAGE]
-Are you OK?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
-There is nothing we can do.
OK?
Double Play Cards is breathing
down our neck, and they are
not above playing dirty
to get what they want.
Now, the only good news I have
is that we were able to rent
out our recently vacated office
space to this wholesome
gentleman right here.
He runs a Christian
dating service.
-That's right, my brother.
We are Cross My Heart.
NARRATOR: Have faith
in our process.
-Because as they say, the only
thing that is recession proof
is JC himself.
-Joba Chamberlain?
-Say again?
-OK, are we done here?
Or--
-Uh, no, one more thing.
Because Leif and Leyland
decided to use company
financing to back their Ozzie
Smith Backflippin' Flapjack
Flip Flapper--
-This is the best flapjack flip
flapper I've ever endorsed.
[SIZZLE]
[CENSOR BEEPING]
-In our defense, we no idea that
the handles were going to
get that hot.
-They were very hot.
-It was surprising to everyone,
including the guy
who made it.
-Either way, because of them,
I've been forced to cut of all
your health benefits.
-Hydrox.
That is--
-Weird.
-Unacceptable.
[MASS OUTRAGE]
-OK, OK!
-One at a time.
Go.
-You know what?
Maybe it's not even
a big deal.
I mean, I probably don't
need therapy.
-Or I don't need insulin because
my blood sugar can
just regulate itself.
-And I certainly don't need
my birth control.
[DISAGREEMENT]
-Hey, hey, who's going to pay
for my kid's booster shots?
-You're not even an employee.
-Guys, don't worry about it.
We will fix everything.
-We will?
How're we going to do that?
-Get me Arnold Wetstein.
-What are you doing?
You're just putting your finger
down on the table.
-Get me the intercom system from
Mad Men, so we can call
Arnold Wetstein.
-Bev, will you get
Arnold Wetstein's
Phone number, please?
BEV (OFFSCREEN): Yeah,
yeah, fine, fine.
But he better do vaginal
rejuvenation.
For Susan's sake.
-I have to make a
call actually.
-Just hit nine to dial out.
-That's not a phone.
-It's over here.
It's over here.
-[INAUDIBLE] right there.
-OK, everybody, just want to
introduce you to our good
friend Arnold Wetstein.
He is the former trainer of the
New York Islanders when
they made their championship
run in the 1980s.
-And FYI, we are going to pay
for him out of our own pockets
because he is our new
office trainer.
-All right, let me take
over from here.
All right, folks, yes it's
true I am a professional
trainer, and while I've been
retired for the last five
years, I can still tape an ankle
with the best of them.
And, uh, when it comes to
cramps-- and I'm not just
talking about the ladies--
I've rubbed more thighs
than Eliot Spitzer.
[LAUGHTER]
-That's a bit of an
old reference.
-Yeah, but I think it's
going to work out.
[KAZOO MUSIC]
-There he is.
-Arnold, thank you so much
for all you've done.
[COUGHS]
-Wait a minute, he doesn't
look too good.
Arnold, are you OK?
-Boys, I'm beat.
That vaginal rejuv sucked the
life right out of me.
-Well, hey, man, if you need a
day off, just let us know.
-No.
The Islanders gave me
a day off, and they
never asked me back.
Just let me catch my breath.
-No, what you need is a little
help from the Lord.
Let us pray.
-No!
I'm an Atheist, for
Christ sake!
You!
I can't do anything
to help you.
I'm not a goddamn
miracle worker!
-You know, Jesus was
a miracle worker.
-I'm just getting a bagel.
-Jesus liked bagel.
-I don't care!
Roll out of my face!
Get out.
Get out!
Get out of--
[GROANS]
-Oh, Arnold.
Arnold?
Oh, God, Arnold!
Arnold!
Someone call somebody!
[AMBULANCE SIREN]
-Who's his insurance provider?
-Oh, he doesn't have
any insurance.
-Yeah, none of us do
who work here.
-OK, well, we can't take it.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, no, no, no.
You have to.
OK?
He's just a trainer that we
hired to help us out today.
All right, he gave us
everything he had.
You can't cut him loose.
-Yeah, the Islanders cut
him loose years ago,
and it ruined him.
Come on, guys, you're
better than that.
-You know what?
You're right.
We are better than
the Islanders.
Let's take care of the man.
[LONG BEEP]
-We lost him.
-Oh, no, actually, that's
just my cellphone.
Sorry.
-God, that's a weird ring
to have on there.
-I know.
My girlfriend put it
on there as a joke.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[LONG BEEP]
-Me, again.
-Uh-oh.
-That's the sound when
I get a text, too.
-OK.
-That was my fault.
-You put that on there?
-Yeah, that's my--
-Why would you do that?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
-I don't know.
-It's weird.
[LONG BEEP]
-Is that like an email
or something?
-Did you get an email?
-No, we lost him.
-How do you know?
-Oh, there's an app for that.